all right so I need to get cracking on
the electronics quick if I want to drift
this weekend so here it is be installing
a 1257 mg s-- a box which is a point
seven servo we also picked up a 25 to 4
n-- which is a proper spline for that
have to do a little bit of digging and
here we have the RX so it's a sr 201
also be using a hobby wing easy run
motor this is a 5.5 turn so 6,000 kv so
scratch salvaged from another one of my
projects I'll do fine for this and then
we have a castle creation s b3
Sidewinder 3 ESC so that's what's going
to get this guy up and runnin alright so
so this is the side start our install
all right so the servo is a little bit
smaller than I expected with wise anyway
so might have to play around and build a
second bracket but for now we're just
going to throw the one screw on one side
to hold it in figure out that bracket
piece later
all right so now on to the motor throw
that spot make sure our holes line up to
button head screws and the reason I'm
referring to button head is because a
lot of countersunk stuff in here so it's
just one of the standard screws here
just knock it up a bit so more to fall
out into the adjusting later in here for
the C I'm gonna be using the trusty duro
tape so two sided servo tape stuff is
amazing how much it holds peel off the
back and thread the motor leads under
the chassis brace as well with all the
leads here yourselves up apply a little
bit of pressure that's as good as
permanent tie up the leads here and now
for the servo horn through a thread in
the ball in and give it its metal metal
make sure to get some thread lock on
there get that nice and snug get all
slack out anyways because it will
vibrate apart I guarantee that all right
throw it on snap the ball end so you
throw a screw in there quick tighten
everything up off camera alright so
receiver use double-sided tape it's
going to be throwing on top of the servo
plugs all our leads in a zip tie all
that tight there but it should be pretty
clean install now this is what we ended
up with if I bundled in all our wiring
so that's nice and clean
I love that servo so small basically
fast and a castle you see sits nice and
clean it's close to the sprayer but
nothing's touching or make sure that
all right so that battery pole or the
battery team is a little bit tight you
got it out
thrower battery in yes to leave the
leads hanging out to figure that out I'm
probably just read the battery lead up
and around that battery retainer when I
do use it sort of the robot on the
bottom for now quick test just want to
make sure the nothing uh gets pulled
into this mer alright so first first
steering it's amazingly fast I'm very
happy with it and if you guys notice is
the first time it'll be release of EBS
so that was suggested to me by Andy so
I'll be right at ABS on there quick
throttle up make sure we got no rubbage
on the belts we are clean
probably tighten that Center belt just a
tad bit but other than that she should
be ready to drift this weekend as long
as I can get the body situation figured
out alright so guys thanks for watching
please thumbs up and subscribe
you